 * **Confidentiality** - to restrict access to users data with no permissions. Any user should have only necessary permissions for his/her scope (same as "never trust user" principle). This implements password strengths checking forms, double authentication, CAPTCHA, out-of-band authentication and more
 * **Integrity** - to make sure that user's data is safe and cannot be changed or deleted by anybody with no permissions. This connects with "simple and clean are more secure" principle. Usually open source systems, combined of small modules (for example Linux or git systems) are more stable and secure than proprietary, bulky and hard to maintain systems 
 * **Availability** - to make data and functionality available to authorized users at any time, 24/7 if possible (for example google platform)
 * **Authentication** - to confirm the identity of the user attempting to access a system or network. This can include unique usernames and passwords required to enter the system, or even bio-metrics for enhanced security.
* **Accountability** - This is when a system tracks which action was done by which entity so that the client or user cannot easily repudiate their action. In that sense, the user is held accountable for their action on the system. An example of this would be tracing changes on google drive where it can be seen who saved a document where. 

reference: "Using the CIA and AAA Models to Explain Cybersecurity Activities". by: Livinus Obiora Nweke. date: December 2017. website: https://pmworldlibrary.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/171126-Nweke-Using-CIA-and-AAA-Models-to-explain-Cybersecurity.pdf